Hi,
we have checked the functionality of milestone 1 and unfortunately I have to tell you that it still
not working. In fact after having shared the documentation with clear and simple reqiusiti
you seem to have not yet understood the correct flow of the various processes.

Below we describe an example of how the process flow must be related to milestone 1.

1- User A on 03 March creates an event E which will take place on 5 March 2021 from 10:00 AM to 17:00 PM in Rome, via Colosseo n°1
2- User B opens event E and on March 4 clicks on the button LETGO! button (no notification should arrive here)

3- On March 5, 2021 at 10:00 AM, when the event E starts, the system will send a notification to all users who have put LETSGO! on the event E
   to confirm their participation. Then user B will receive a notification from the system asking if user B is at event B.
4- User B opens and clicks on the notification.
5- The system shows User B a popup asking him if he wants to CONFIRM his attendance at Event B.
6- User B clicks on CONFIRM!
7- The system verifies through the geolocation if the user is at the event. So the system verifies if the position of user B is at a maximum of
   maximum 100mt from the position of the event B. The user has confirmed his presence and therefore the notification should no longer be active.
8- The system confirms the presence of user B at event E. At the end of event E, the system will send a notification asking user B for feedback.
8- The system does not confirm the presence of user B at event E. The user B through the use of the notification can try to confirm his presence at the event E
   until 17:00 on March 5, 2021, when event E ends.
9- If user B has confirmed his presence at event E then he will receive the notification asking him to provide feedback to event B.
10- User B opens the notification, fills out the form and submits it. The user has sent the feedback and therefore the notification should no longer be active.
11- The system saves the feedback data.
12- END

These are the steps that the flow should have.

We ask you to fix the flow as described and summarized above.
We ask you if you do not understand to ask for information and clarification.
We ask that you test before sharing with us the functionality to be tested.